WEBVTT Hopefully it's okay. Yusef, we're, we're recording. We've actually recorded since 2021, we've recorded 5,000 hours in Vimeo of meetings. Oh. , before that we did a lot of Zoom and Uber conference, and we use Microsoft Stream like streams. I don't you, Microsoft Streams. That's like a, that's integrated with the Microsoft teams. Mm-Hmm. Lot of content, lot of amazing people. , usually we, like, we just meet people like Yassen Cannan. We just like, we just, we go direct to them and be like, what are you working on? And let us help you incubate it. You know? , yesin Canan is not as in the investment MedTech space. He's more in what we call the, , , in order to be a member of your medical, you actually have to do five hours a month on average of education, research, or compassionate care. , that's based off of the founders of, , some of the founding team of Green Medical were from Phillips Exit Academy. That's where I went. And that's where we overlapped about Brighter Horizons. Right. I think you were at Brighter Horizons then. Yeah. And then, , you know, I've always had this passion to kind of impart the knowledge that I learned at Exeter to, you know, youth like you. And that's where we met. How old were you when we met? , I think I was 12 or 13. Oh my gosh. Oh, wow. That's, was that younger than you Isama, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. You were mentoring a radiologist at that young of an age? I think so, yeah. 'cause this is back when I was, , assuming I would go down, It would've been 2014. So How old are you? It is 2014. It Would've been 14. Yeah. Yeah. So, so behind me is our senior creative advisor. That's Princeton University campus. Osama and I run meetings there. , I'm in the basement of my home where we have a studio for Green Medical. , we're just, , you know, 10, 15 minutes from Princeton University. I have three children. I have a son, ninth grade Princeton High School. I have a daughter who's in fifth grade. And I have a son that's, , , 1-year-old. , I, I am the co-founder. My father was the other co-founder. , he passed away Rahm Allah in the past, , just like six months ago, less than six months ago. He was a physician. He was the best example of what those minority physicians were that came from India or abroad. And really, like, they had a successful practice. They ate, they earned good income. They had complete control of their schedule and their data. They actually have their own data. Unlike now, you know, everything is bought out. My father was the last practice. I mean, he, he was probably the longest independent OB GYN in Western North Carolina. There probably no one did over 40 years independent. So, you know, the purpose of today's call is what we call a biopsychosocial to kind of get to know who you are. I personally would like to offer you an internship opportunity. I'm sure you're looking for a job. Everyone's looking for a paid position. But what we do is we say, look, do education research or compassionate care. Be on a podcast, be on, , a webinar. Help us create content about how to be an entrepreneur in med tech. But with the following intelligences in mind, clinical intelligence, business intelligence, creative intelligence, who is actually Dr. Ali Hussein is our senior creative advisor. And then spiritual intelligence. We have incorporated the spiritual model into our business plans. Now, that can be tricky 'cause we never actually, we don't pay spiritual people. We, we, we just, if they ask for a favor, we help them. And then they, if they, if we need to, if we need help, they help us. And we work directly with the Office of Spiritual Life at Princeton University, U Penn, Rutgers, , VCU. , we've recently started connections with, , NYU. , and, you know, at the end of the day, my job as the CEO is to just keep the network alive because we're still semial mode. For 10 years we've been growing this network. We have about 50 senior tech advisors. We have about 300 physicians, senior medical advisors, Dr. Ya. Nan has never been the type to kind of get into any of the business side. He just does things. Bil Law, he helps. He's that kind of person. So whenever we, we have a student that needs mentoring that fits his profile, we connect him. And he's done that in the past. Mm-Hmm. But he's, he's one of 300 and we've kept, , a score on all 305. It's, it's 300 physicians, about 50 tech advisors, and then the rest of the a hundred, , or like senior creative advisors, policy advisors, legal advisors. So if you have a bright idea today, keep it, don't share it because it's being recorded. Mm-Hmm. We are the one-stop shop. We're trying to be like a Y Combinator one day. Mm-Hmm. But right now, we're coming out with our app in the next month. And the app will give opportunities for people like you to get access to these people. But we've changed the model. No one has to pay to be in the network. Everyone usually has to know someone or, or have money. What we've done is we've created something called a Green Value Unit, where we monitor your education, research and compassionate care, those five hours a month of non cbi not for self helping. And we actually, we actually count that as currency. And we then use that currency to offset the cost for meetings with entrepreneurs in the network, per se. , it's, it's a little bit dow like decentralized autonomous organizations with the goal of having an NFT, but we're not there yet, but, right, Right. I about that. That was interesting. Yeah. So, so that's my spiel. I'm looking forward to off the record, calling you after I listen to the audio and telling you what I think. But Osama's gonna take it from here. And I want to thank you for making time. I'm, I'm excited about this opportunity to get to know you because Dallas is a huge hotspot for us. So I'll let Osama go into detail about that. All right. Appreciate it. You said my parents live in Plano. They have a restaurant over there. How far do you live? Where in Dallas are you? I'm in Plano right now. Tell me where and, , Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's, so, I'm Pakistani. It's a Pakistan place called Dallas Kabob House. It's like, , it's like Coit and Spring Creek. I think I live on Spring Creek, so that's very convenient. How far is Preston From? I've actually seen a few times. It's like in a little strip on the end of the strip, And there's a lot of other, like this or out of restaurants, right. There's some, there's like, I think an Indo Park grocery store over there. There's a CVS at the intersection there. So yeah. That's what, Or are you in, , he said you're based out of I'm in Chicago. Chicago. So my parents moved there about five years ago. But I've, , I grew up in Wichita, Kansas, so that's where I met Soha when I was like, , in early high school. Okay. , and him and I have kept in touch since then as well. I went to school, , from my undergrad in North Carolina. , and, , kept up with him too, 'cause his, , parents had a house in Charlotte, so I was near there too. So I've known say for a while as well. , I've been working with your medical for about a little over three years now. , and so like getting to know people a bit better, , with onboarding. So going over like the biopsychosocial. So what that, the purpose of going over that is, , some places have an application, things like that. This, that's the application of sorts. It's, it's like a profile on each individual person that's a little bit more in depth than I think what most of the places would ever do. And it covers, , the bio part, which is the, like what covers your biological needs, you know, what helps you pay the rent, pay for food, things like that. And so typically that's what your day job is and that's what, or your status as a student. So your currently what year in grad school, is that what your full-time gig is? I just finished the first semester of my master's in computer Science. How's that going? It's interesting. , a lot of people go and join computer science to become software developers, machine learning engineers, AI architects, but it's really computer science, the science of a computer. So it's very distant from the actual hands-on work you're gonna be doing at least initially. So for example, the last course I took was all about, , computer architecture. So it went all the way down to a language called assembly. So you're the, you're familiar with assembly and we're specific, like, we're calling register by register. Very, very detailed instructions. When in reality, the majority of us are gonna be working off of Python. And not only Python, but like libraries, DUIs, , off the cloud where we're very, very far from the computer itself. So it was, I would call it, , an unexpected surprise. But at the end of the day, it was very interesting. , 'cause for example, we learned, like for a lot of cloud engineers, they're working off a magic computer in the sky. They don't know exactly what's going on. And we learned about virtualization, we learned about, , resource allocation, we learned about the commands after go back and forth. So it kind of demystified, if you would say, , a lot of the different things that computers do. Yep. And as far as like your long-term goals, right? Where do you see yourself, let's say you get your master's degree in Shaah in 2025. What's, what's your ideal place to be career-wise? Okay, so these, my, my career goals are tied very heavily into my personal life. , yeah, they're not other, I'm married at ela. , so one of my plans is to start a family soon in Shaah. So I would have to begin with the quote unquote stable job slash profession. , and I would actually line this up with my actual career goal of entering the field as an employee instead of entrepreneur. , especially with the field of ai, there's more to learn than there isn't. And that's gonna be like continuously to grow. Like it's, it's a ever-growing, , horizon. Yeah. And the whole goal is to work for long enough until you find a frontier or you find a spot to work that you can excel in and to one day, you know, say goodbyes and start something of your own. , so the short-term goal, I would say is to enter a quote unquote cutting edge, , use case of AI or machine learning technology or cloud engineering, one of the two, those are my quote unquote specialties. , after that, I would hope to move on from entry level to some form of a senior position where I learn, okay, this is an individual contributor. What does it take to run a team? Because in the future, if you wanna make a real business, it's not based off of individual contribution, it's based off of the collaboration between individuals. So that one plus one becomes three instead of two. So I wanna hopefully get to a position where I'm a senior or a manager or a product level manager so I can comprehend this is the individual input. How do you combine these to make an actual product? And then hopefully when you're bumping around people in corporate for so long, you learn about, okay, how are people deploying these? How are people selling this? How are people, , growing this? What is the next page? How do people write the next page? And so on. , have been told away from joining corporate right off the bat and making your own startup. But at the end of the day, if it's your very first startup, that can be done in parallel with a full-time position. , because you're, I learned that the first business, you're learning how to start a business. The second business, you're learning how to sell, , your product. And the third business, you're learning how to keep that business running without you. So it's like the first one. Yeah. Go and learn how you start up a product, how you develop something from the front to the end. And then a lot of people hit this wall. I didn't ask to see who's gonna buy this. I didn't even tap to see if there's a market. Okay. So back to the drawing board. And then this time you have something that may be a little bit more profitable, less friction, more usable to other people. Then you learn keywords like impact and, and, , customer, customer, , preferences. And then because you've already learned to get a product done from A to Z, maybe you've learned, okay, I'm gonna allocate or subcontract this part. I'm gonna have this outsourced. I'm gonna do this a little bit more efficiently. And then let, maybe that will work. Or maybe you're gonna fail again and start again from the drawing board. And now you have this and this and this, and this and this. And the key here, I think is to start young. So I would like, hopefully inshallah to join a position that is in AI slash machine learning. So there's a little bit of overlap when I'm learning how to build products. So that first phase of, you know, entrepreneurship as a technical individual will be heavily overlapped with building ai, being a developer, , learning how to turn a problem into a product, if that makes sense. I hope I didn't just big, , big words at you and it actually sounds like a, a well thought out plan. No, no, no, I get it. I mean, I've been doing this stuff for the last three years. I mean, most of my professional experience has been with startups or late state startups, and to some degree more of corporate environment as well. In most, most of my other professional experience is in higher education, , being on a campus or in, , higher ed technology. And so, , a lot of that is, you know, has scaled in the last few years. And so it is been interesting seeing how of how things develop. And with Green Medical, I mean, I've seen businesses, people with ideas that are from infancy to all sorts of points in the process. , and I myself, like typically hold in, like I do a lot of the operations with premedical, , okay. Administer a lot of what we do. And with that, like, I've picked up things like, you know, project management, product management skills that, you know, obviously not in like a true setting, but, , skills that nonetheless kind of come up a lot of time. I have like a Scrum Master's certification where I took, you know, training to understand what that process is like. And so I was studying a little bit for like a project management, , for p and p as well. , but, , no, no, it all makes sense to me. And it's good that you have like a pretty good idea of what specific steps that you need to take over the next few years. 'cause obviously you're in that place, you gotta think about it, you gotta think about family and and whatnot as well. So, so what I'm now curious about is where does Green Medical come in for you? , yeah, There's, , several things, , I could gain from and contribute to Green. , the first off being, , like you've mentioned, like an internship slash first position, there's a lot of individuals out there who I'm guessing came to you in need of talent and carefully vetted talent. You could say, , I'm looking for an individual who's also looking for a vetted, and, , I don't want to, but, you know, toot my own horn, but higher level, higher caliber talent, because I like the type of employer that throws their employee into a problem while teaching them on the way, if that makes sense. A lot of places, entry level means put on hold until eventually a new project lands on your lap. Versus, like you said, in the startup world, they need people to do things. They need people to solve problems. Let's not go through training, if that makes sense. So I know there's a lot of individuals who are in that, you know, 40 employee to, you know, 60 employee range or even the 20 employee range that are looking for people that they can, you know, co work with . , the second front is I have my own ideas, , different businesses I wanna start. Some of them are past prototype stage, , and there are individuals who can guide me on the process of turning this idea into actual, , progress, if that makes sense. And results, , hopefully, I'm sure there's a lot of entrepreneurs who are in the tech and medical field, and using my knowledge, they could kind of shape me from a student into a action manner, someone who can accomplish things, if that makes sense. I learned a while ago that, , if you ask someone about a problem they faced, you won't have to face that problem because you'll know how to go through it. Or when you do face it, you won't be lost. , and I kind of got addicted to using that to like fast forward myself through different navigational, like tribulations or, or difficulties I face. So if I can surround myself with individuals who can help with both fronts, my personal, you know, journey of being self-sufficient, starting my own business, making an impact, developing and driving my own personal product, or entering the tech field and benefiting that way, , it would be a huge multiplier for me. Got it. No, thanks for outlining that. That's pretty, it's a good understanding of how this also works. , so what a lot of people come to us for is mentorship, , or a job, right? , and people are looking for the same things. People are looking to hire, people are looking for that talent. People are looking to invest. So there is a relationship that happens that, that, that exists across the people in the network as well. And so, , so great, that kind of answers kind of two things, right? You went over the bio part, you went over the cycle part, , to you elaborate a little bit more. And typically what happens when I work with folks that are kind of in your position is, , I mean, the first three months that we actively work with someone is we're getting to understand how you actually do work, how you communicate, what your drive is like, how proactive you can be, how easily, or how well you can synthesize and information, and kind of get the main points out of the, the information that's gonna be thrown at you. There'll be a lot of things that, , so hey, , and myself or someone else will kind of throw in in things like the group chat, for example, on WhatsApp. It's a lot of information. A lot of it is important, A lot of it, , is relevant. I mean, all of it is relevant and important, , but it's understanding what to get out of that that's gonna be relevant to you and where, , , and, and what to do with that information. So analysts that we have, that's their job, right? It's, it's to get the main points and figure out what to do with the information. And that depends on the area that you're in. We have folks that are specific to pharmacy. There are folks that are specific to, , you know, anthropology or, or things like that. And so, , we have like other seasoned physicians that are in those areas already, that have given talks that have been in different innovation hours with us, where, , which is, , an event where we have typically one main subject matter expert joined by a few other folks that are in related fields, but not the same one that offer their insights that are related to the topic. Mm-Hmm. So for example, we've had like an innovation hour on brain health where we've had a neurologist, we've had a spiritual advisor, Brain something, brain Health. Brain health, okay? Right? You have someone that works directly with like the organic material of the brain. They have someone that works with this, that with spiritual guidance. You have someone that is like a counselor and they're gonna have three very different perspectives on what brain health even means. But those are events where, , you know, we've, we've got folks that provide their expertise and information, and part of an analyst job is to, you know, get the main points of what that was and, and share kind of the, the insights that come out of an event like that amongst other work that the folks involved are doing. , right. To create, you know, a, , , a connection between the, the parties involved, right? Because there is a connection. It all exists. , and the purpose of an analyst is to make do with that information. So, , so that's what typically how it works. The first three months, you know, we, we set up like kind of certain hours of the week. It's usually five to 10 hours depending on the scope of the work and where you are and what you're dealing with and, and what projects we've got lined up, , that way then we see like how much time you're spending, and again, how you operate and how well you work, , which then can lead to like a, , you know, like a paid position and also, or, or, or you know, what you said you were looking for, which is mentorship and Right. With other folks that might be more specific to what you're looking for as well. So that's a little bit to give you an idea of what that kind of looks like. , now the other two parts, there's Biocycle social and what that is, is like who are the three parties that kind of inspire you most or have the most influence on you in your life, right? So you're thinking about that as you're thinking about that. It's typically what I hear is people mention a parent, or both parents or a guardian. People mention maybe Imam or spiritual advisor family, a partner, a mentor, or someone they don't know, but someone that they, you know, they are heavily influenced by, you know, like some sort of leader out in the world as well. Good one. , Take a second. This may be very cliche or over over spoken, but there's the prophet mohamad sarana. , like for the past few months, like I listened to the, and it's different. Like I grew up and I went to a Muslim school, , I learned about everything, and then I went to college. And you don't forget all of that, but it, it loses a little bit of its relevance. You're stuck in the material world, learning about science is hard, facts, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And unless you're in the MSA or around Muslim, , youth like you, it slowly, slowly starts to slip away from you. And the thing about, , Islam is, yes, it was taught to us as children, but it's much, much more relevant to us, especially as we slowly become adults. So then you learn like the majority of the cido was about him in full blown adulthood. And there's a lot of tendencies. I have had a lot of outlooks. I may have had a lot of pasts in life I was about to take, but I switched them because, well, Moham was my age, or he was speaking to people my age completely differently. So it's more so like reinterpreting everything I learned as a child, and it's becoming more and more relevant as I age, and as I face more things that I didn't expect to face, and difficulties as such. , so number one would be my prophet ham. Number two would be my father. , my father is an interesting individual. , if you are familiar with Dallas, , about four of the major messages were either completely designed by him or heavily influenced by him. So he, he's the architect of guy, he's the architect of Bright Horizons, the S school I went to. He's the architect of the, he worked with the people at Epic Valley Ranch and a lot of different massa. And growing up I was like, oh, that's just my dad. And then solely, I'm like, wait a minute. He came from ACH and he was my age when he got to America. And Alou, his father already passed away and his mother was by herself and his sister was, was off. And this was the period of, of ak , solely becoming more and more destabilized. And he didn't just come anywhere to America. He went to MIT Mahala. And then I learned he was the number two in all of Radha in, , the Bachelorate. He, he's extremely, extremely, extremely, , driven. And a lot of the time when we see driven individuals on social media, it's ice baths, it's morning routines, it's this and that. And it's like, I'm like, oh yeah, these are all these driven people, David Goggins and such. And then it's like, wait a minute. My father for the last five decades has without fail, gotten up and make huge changes in the world around him. It's like, as a 20-year-old, you're starting to like, discover what it's like to actually have an impact on something. 'cause I was being raised slowly, and now it's time for me to produce results. And he's been doing this for three times my life, . So it's like that, you know, humanization of your father from father figure to this life story that you're slowly, slowly, slowly starting to catch up on. So I would say my father for that reason, , the older I get, the more I'm learning from him and ela. , and the main thing is to, that I'm getting from him, is to be the thing you do, if that makes sense. So an example like my dad, when he's designing something, architects usually pass off their design and they make a new design. He's at the construction site being the superintendent. He knows about concrete, concrete mixing. He knows about rebar, he knows about this. He's catching mistakes that save stake the builders million, literally millions and millions of dollars. He's right now in like a lawsuit. And he is very competent in legal litre like, , I did real estate on the side. And then he would be like, check this contract. And I'm like, how do you know all of this stuff? So he is what he does, meaning as an architect, like he, he's drawn like a little web, like a spider web with a being architected at the center of it. But then there's civil engineer, electrical engineer, everything that touches him. He is well acquainted with it. And he's a very, , if you were to now characterize him, he's very skeptical, very cynical. He's always, always, always questioning. He does. But because he's always on the lookout for being cheated or or pardon of my language, bss, right? Yeah. So he's like, I'm not gonna let anyone tell me how it is. I'm gonna learn my world so that I tell people how I want my dream. Yeah. And then lo and you have, , the Dallas, , he's built also churches, and he built, , Waco's, , train stop. He's built the dart system, or he contributed to the dart system in, in Dallas. So Alah like, now you take a building and then you, you, you zoom out and I see my father, and then a third one. That's a good one. Maybe that's an empty spot right now. , if I were to be listening a lot to, , advice from social media gurus, , it would be split between, if you know Alex Ramzi? I don't think so. , he's, he is, he is a new, like, , sensation. He is all about, , generating leads, turning how to talk to people when you're selling to them. , and then Chris Voss who wrote, , never split the, I like, I like the way he teaches you to talk to people, , to understand what they're saying so you can actually communicate with them instead of just talking to their face. Like, , I read this book when I was a little bit younger, but it did actually affect me growing up. , like in the way I deal with people, it's like he's all about negotiating isn't convincing someone, it's listening to them to see if you can actually work with them. , and especially business, it's like yesterday or the day before, I was at a car dealership and, , for whatever reason, like, , my father was there and we were buying, we were both buying a car for my wife. , the loan, the 0% a PR finance loan wasn't going through because a mistake the dealership made. And my dad usually gets extremely, extremely frustrated with these things slowly as nothing gets fixed. And I'm usually used to my dad, like not raising his voice, but becoming much sterner and frustrated, and he walks out and they lose the business. And this guy kept saying, I understand. No. And like, he let my father explain the point, and I realized my father wasn't frustrated anymore because he was understood. The situation didn't change whatsoever. And my father wasn't helped at all. But he was understood. And then at the end of the day, yes, a a solution was, was given. But like, it was very obvious too, like, almost like he read the book yesterday. The guy would just say, I understand that must be frustrating. I completely understand. And he would say, I can't help you, but I understand. And then like after 40 minutes of that, like my dad wasn't, he was like, okay. Like he understood the situation he was in objectively without being frustrated, if that makes sense. Yeah. So That was a big, , turning point, I would say, in the way I learned to talk to people. Got it. And the reason we asked question is because you are, you know, you're typically the product of the people that you listen to the most, right? , and I can tell how they influence you, right? I could hear it. , and it, it in some ways feeds into the next question too, which is, so this biopsychosocial and then spiritual or analog, , meaning what values do you have? What guides you in life that you know isn't from someone, , or your work or your personal ambitions, right? Typically it's religion for people. For those who don't have like an active faith, there is some sort of system that they do follow. , I don't come across anyone in the network that's like, I'm just doing whatever. You know? There's, there's always a system, even if it's someone that doesn't have or adhere to a certain faith. , so what's that for you? I would say it's trying to remain fully aware, , Muslim to Muslim, that I only get one of these very, very, very, very short lifes. And as much as it sounds awkward, the majority of what I'm gonna be spending my time doing is a distraction unless I turn it into something pertaining to a form of worship. And worship doesn't just mean, you know, the religious acts that you do at the me or making or whatever, an act of worship can just be, or trying your best at what you do. , and without that, people get untethered and they become lost. So I would say, like, my anchor is, I only get a few seconds on this planet, relatively speaking, and everything around me has existed for powers of 10 more than I've been here. So a that put me here, and he gave me the same shot he gave everyone else a shot at, and also a shot at the worst position in Johanna. And this test, Allah already knows what's in our heart. It's a mercy for us, so that we'll have something to characterize the way we acted. It's, it's me who got up and prayed, or it's me who decided I'm not going to, it's me who gave in and rationalized temptations versus me who saved them off. It's all just a self-reflection. And Islam tells us that so that we're not completely heartbroken at the way our life is turning out. Like, I realize you can make the rah, oh, Allah give me gen Allah, gimme gen for those, but he never promised us we're gonna understand how our life immediately changes because of that prayer. Meaning nothing in my life has turned out as expected. And the majority of it has been quote unquote disappointing or frustrating or more complex than I was ready to handle, or difficult. And it turns out well, I made a prayer or I was going into this new phase of life as this actual human being, and then I got hit with reality. And then every single time that happens, you solely become more accustomed to letting go or saying, as long as I check these boxes, the majority of the boxes around me aren't going to be able to be checked by me. They're not within my influence. And then solely, you start to branch out to other non-Islamic things, and it's all about stoicism, or it's all about letting this go, or it's all about losing materialism. But the reality of it is, it's like, , a lu is going to put you in a position where it's just enough that you can handle it, but you can only do so at the cost of growing. And, , if you, and of course those are great words and all, but if you have to put them into practice, if you have to live by them, it's a whole different story because then there's no one around to record the testament of your effort. And then it's left on faith. Like, is this really gonna be remembered? Am I gonna really get a reward for this? And then that's a whole different game, which I'm trying to reconcile with ela, but that's what has been guiding me to make any major or minor decision in the last few years. It seems like you've got, you've had a good support growing, grown up and now as well. I was put in the right environment and my father told me what is correct, but he didn't coerce me into making the correct decision. So there's been doors that have been opened to me that you can't walk back out of. , and then the only thing that kind of carried me through to make the right decision, because I, at the end of the day had to make the right decision, was him very early on telling me, it's like the real Islam isn't when your parent teaches you, teaches you, teaches you. And then once you reach adulthood, it all falls apart after that. It's like you have to actually have the bad or sobering experiences yourself when you're younger. So my father was a teacher, but not as much of an enforcer, which kind of made me sit down and I was like weighing options when I was a lot younger. I didn't like any of it, like having to rationalize, do I do what I want? Do I do, what he told me about is, and then you have to reconcile a lot. So it was more of a, he put me right in the Petri dish and he let whatever result come come about ela, which was, which was how you raise someone, in my opinion. Of course, he wasn't completely absent and he wouldn't, , like be not abuse or at the end of the day, he kind of miraculously, 'cause he was a helicopter dad, funny enough. But when it came to my religion, there was no helicopter dad. Mm-Hmm. He wasn't on me. Right. He wasn't on me going Be put on, go on fast, you need to be doing this. He would be doing it, and then there would be a spot right next to him to pray or, or to not pray. And eventually I, I made one of two decisions. Yeah. No, in a lot of ways it reminds my dad too. Yeah. You know, my dad, , I mean, in some ways similar story, he ended up, he came to the US for college. , he was pursuing like engineering immigration issues popped up. , he ended up ha working in food service and then had worked in food service ever since, you know, and he liked it because of the relationships he built with people, you know? Mm-Hmm. He worked in like a corporate setting for a while. He worked at like a fine French restaurant, opened up our own restaurant because he wanted to make sure there was a source of like, food for people in Wichita, Kansas, you know? Mm-Hmm. And to make sure that the, the sole work that he did was in accordance to Islamic law. And , you know, and there was a cost to it. You know, it's, the food business is very tough. It's up and down frequently. Right. The restaurant is like one to start. Yeah. And, , you know, my mother came into that as well. It's not like she wanted to be a cook or whatnot. She was, , she kind of made clothes at home, basically what she used to do. And then, , since then, we, both of them work all the time, you know, just to maintain kinda what they got going on and, , all always wanting me and my siblings, I got two younger siblings, , you know, , one of 'em is Kansas City, one of them is in Wichita, so she's finishing school. , and , my dad is like a very disciplined person. My mom, my mom is a very hardworking person, but my dad like would be up early, he'd be getting his things done, and he would move on to the next thing. He also, similar to what you mentioned, like about your dad, about being very particular and like, not letting anyone cheat him or something like that. You know, I hear that in my dad's in the way. He talks about certain things sometimes, And it drives you, your kid, it drives you mad when you're a kid and then you get a little older and you're like, Hey, I kind of get it now. So it like yeah, the cynicism, yeah, it comes across as a little like, , like, oh, people aren't as bad. But then at the same time, you know, there's, it's, you deal with enough people in your line of work when you know your field and you know your stuff, , you know who doesn't and who's trying to abuse it, , abuse the relationship. So I get what you're saying in a quite a few things that you mentioned. , and thanks again for going over all of that. The whole purpose of having this conversation is, is always to have a better understanding of who someone is, what has made them who they are. And, , you know, , it makes it easier to understand the person behind the work and the relationships that we've built, especially when we introduce people to each other. , it's a big difference between us and maybe other networking groups where people are looking at the credentials on paper and the base level in character or personality of someone, , which is fine for what it might be, but that's not what we're doing. So, , so anyway, thanks for going over all that. , typically what happens next is, , I mean as far as like scheduling and whatnot goes, what does, how, how busy do you tend to be through the week and over the next few months? Good question. So I'm like, I threw up everything in the air and I have several options to choose from. So if no change in my life, , I'm gonna be on winter break for a good while. , I will be gone on vacation for like the next week, plus a few days, but after that I'll be off . , after that I only have college classes, , master's on Monday and Wednesday from like two to five. And then I'm free for the rest of the week, week. That's if I continue with my master's and I don't put a pause. I have applied to a AI company in Irving and I got to the final interview and the COO was kind of hinting to me that he's gonna give his personal preference. And everyone who interviewed me kind of said they're going to try to put a word in for me. , but it's just the word at the end of the day until you get a response. And being the end of December, I'm not gonna hear anything most likely until mid-January. So that's kind of a bit confusing, but I mean, people are kind of used to having a lot of things hanging in there at once. So if I have a full-time job, I guess I would be like most people where I'm only available in the evenings or the weekends. Yeah. , but okay. I hope that good know. Yeah, that helps. , typically what we're, you know, it's like typically five hours a week that we work in the first three months That's, And that's, that's usually one hour live like this, and then the other four that's asynchronous, you know? Okay. , because like you should be able to do whatever and we can communicate ex, you know, through like the, the channel and also, and we have like, we use, , Asana for like kind of task management and whatnot too. So, , what so Haven I would do is like, you know, , we always review each person understand kind of where they fit in, what the long-term kind of plan looks like, because, you know, people aren't, yes, there's like a period in the beginning where we're getting to know each little bit more, but people stay in this for like their, for a long time. You know, the purpose isn't to do like a temporary relationship. It's supposed to be long term and people go in and out, you know, they get busier, they, they pull back, things like that. But, you know, people stay involved, , at some point or responsive at some point. Someone needs something at some point, someone wants to contribute at some point, things like that. So we'll go over that and what that kind of plan might look like for you. But if you have any questions, love you to know. But I appreciate you taking the time to go over things with me today. It's very nice meeting you. Sure, likewise. , any questions? I guess it's a bit specific. , as I am looking for employment, , if there's a like, , so Hebe said that there's like a hotspot in Dallas, and this is kind of the prime reason why I reached out to y'all. Because to me, I haven't seen the glory of Dallas, , but I've been told this is one of the best cities to be in. And it's like, I look on my own eyes and I don't see where I could use Dallas to my vantage. So I'm wondering if I know Sahe is gonna watch this, if like, I could see the companies here that would be willing to work or, , hire an individual like me, , or individuals in other states, which is another benefit, but I'm very comfortable working remotely. So I guess seeing what there is to kind of enhance my vision, I guess, , of the Dallas hopefully make connections, which I know you said we'd get to in the future in Shaah, but Yeah. , yeah, I guess about the Dallas scape and any particular openings to myself. Yeah. Yeah. He'll, I mean, I know certain people that are in Dallas, , he's gonna have a much better idea. , but , where I'm sure he will, , identify a few specific people, , and places, , what we do, so what I'm doing this with a couple other people right now too, is that, , once we've kind of identified who and where we, like, you can apply anywhere, right? You don't necessarily need us to apply to places. , we try to specialize in the area of having those first good degree connections with, typically with people that are in medicine, for example, historically, like program directors and whatnot, right? But, you know, in other places too, it's like, , a lot of people that are in the network are like the co-founder or they are the CEO or they are the, the, you know, they manage the teams that, you know, certain people looking to be on. And we look to create that relationship with you, , to them so that they tend to either create a position or, you know, then they're in a position of like, oh, okay, let's, let's make something happen. And these are people that like we already know I know firsthand or say, Hey, those firsthand. , and we, they're, they're high value, high, you know, low, they don't have a lot of time, but they're, , high value individuals that before we even get to the point of introducing your name, we want to know the scope of what you, , can do and, you know, make sure Yeah, yeah. Exactly. And obviously like everyone that comes through Green Medical is doing something right. Everyone is driven, everyone is, , , you know, looking to achieve a goal or continue along their pathway career-wise and otherwise too. So, , it's not, it's, it's never a question of, , integrity, , to go over things like that before introducing people specifically. It's, it is just knowing that when we're introducing people, , we're behind you, right? We wanna put you in a position that you're gonna be a, a good candidate with them as well. And so that, that's a lot of what I do is like, work with people individually. Like I'll give very specific feedback, , to people about, like here, , it would be like observing sometimes even in like a meeting or like an innovation hour. Like, you know, we, if someone's invited to that, it's not open to everyone. You either have to be invited specifically or you're paying to be there. And I wanna see the inter interaction engagement, , and like a, you know, you typically, those are recorded and then I'll look at them and I, I look more specifically at like, the engagement. I look at like, do you see, do you, are you coming across as someone that actually cares about something? Are you coming across as someone that this person might wanna work with? Because a lot of this stuff is just personalities, right? Okay. And that's where I kind of come in is because I'm not in medicine, I'm not in tech, you know, most of my experience is in, you know, the advising or recruiting or, , in sales and things like that. And so, , I care more about that part and that's kind of where I come in as opposed to, so, hey, it was a physician and you who's, you know, more learned in computer science and, and other folks do. So it's, it's seeing where they all kind of come together. So that's that, , you know, we'll, we'll be active like in WhatsApp just to keep up with what's going on, but we'll put together some sort of like plan with the objective of like, you know, you want to get a job. That's kind of the current goal, right? Mm-Hmm. And seeing what it takes to kinda get to that point. So, , he he'll review this. Yeah. Yeah, he's on call, but he'll be off. , and , if you have any questions, let me know, but this is kind of it for this part of this. , cool. Yeah, sounds good, Salva. Well, very nice meeting you, so I appreciate taking the time. , I was going to come to Dallas this coming week, but my parents actually think they're sick with Covid, so they, , didn't want me or anyone to come down, so I might actually just end up going to New Jersey, so we'll see. So anyway, enjoy your break. I heard you're, you're going on vacation next week, you said? We're gonna Colorado in s Shaah. Oh, nice. Yeah, being in Texas, you don't get much, , much fun winter weather. It's just the desert, so I know. , we'll catch some snow. S Shaah. S Shala. All right, sounds good. We'll enjoy and I'll talk to you soon again. Okay. Talk To you. Sorry.